Update documentation for alpaca replacement (#54)
eclipse-pass/pass-documentation: developer-documentation/pass-ui/README.md

Start ember on port 4200.

```
ember s --environment=production
```

> The ember server must be run in the production environment to avoid Content Security Policy violations when loading CSS in the browser. To run ember in developer mode instead, you can set a permissive CSP in pass-docker. Edit `.env` to `PASS_CORE_APP_CSP` to ``"default-src * 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval' data: blob:;"``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ember server must be run in the production environment to avoid Content Security Policy violations when loading CSS in the browser.

To run ember in development mode instead, you can use `ember s` (without the environment flag) and set a permissive CSP in pass-docker. Edit `.env` to `PASS_CORE_APP_CSP` to ``"default-src * 'unsafe-inline' 'unsafe-eval' data: blob:;"``.
```
